Are you a hero, why?
  Of course I'm a hero! I was chosen by the Tana to find knowledge for generations of my descendants. I'm the first person of my village to leave Ilkoth in who knows how long.
Who are/were your parents?
  Healers in Rôl, who treated the local village their entire lives, but really the entire older generation of Tana should count
Why are you an adventurer?
  To find new knowledge as per Quest, and secretly because I wanted to see something new and actually get out of the village
What are your immediate goals, why?
  Get out of the cesspit that is Ulan-Ulde without being hounded by the goblin police.
  Find someone I can actually trust in this insane country
  Find someone who is willing to teach alchemy without all that reliance on their stupid symbols and papers, and without getting raped
  Failing that, find anything new regarding alchemy in general
Are you religious, why?
  I am guided by Tana, the Quori that has guided my ancestors for centuries. I kind of believe the myths that the lands were created from the seas, but don't really care.
  The way dwarves were described to me, they sound like they have their head stuck in their ass, but idk, haven't really met many
Are you merciful, why?
  Yes, having grown up in a healer family, however, sometimes death is merciful, and to let certain creatures live would only cause more suffering and pain to themselves and their environment.
  However, it is generally not my place to decide on guilt, and on punishment; that is the duty of another bloodline, and especially in these foreign lands my duty is to watch and learn, not interfere.


Likes:
  Physical challenges, climbing/racing
  Freedom to do what I want when I want
  New ideas that are actually new and not just part of a curriculum
  Good food
  Bhakan warriors doing physical exercises when half-naked

Hates:
  Routine that involves sitting in the same place for hours every day. Occasionally is fine, but repetition kills the soul.
  Favoritism that doesn't even have the guts to call itself that (*fuck* that one aunt)
  Getting betrayed
